--- WHAT IS THIS? ---

This is Testbench, a browser-based application for testing HTML-based
(or HTML-embedded) Volity UI files. It is written and maintained by
Jason McIntosh, and is based on the orginal Testbench (for SVG-based
UIs) by Andrew Plotkin.

Testbench allows for incremental testing of your user interface while
you develop it. It gives you a graphical interface for easily testing
your UI's various RPC and input handlers. Once everything works as you
expect in Testbench, the UI is ready to be loaded into a Volity HTML
client for playtesting.

--- RUNNING TESTBENCH ---

See documentation.html.

--- STATUS ---

This is ALPHA software; its interface is liable to change a lot before
going beta. However, the Volity protocol itself is beta and stable, so
any files that work in Testbench now will continue to work in future
releases. It's just the way you load those files into Testbench that's
bound to change.

This software should work in all popular browsers, and you should
certainly feel free to perform cross-browser testing of any UI work
you might do, but for a main development-environment browser we
recommend Firefox. (With the Firebug plug-in installed, it's among the
best web development platforms you can find.)

--- LICENSES ---

Except where otherwise noted, this software is covered by the
LGPL. See the accompanying LICENSE.txt file, or
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html>.

And here's the otherwise-noted bit:

* The prototype.js library and SWFObject are covered by the MIT source
  code license.
  <http://dev.rubyonrails.org/browser/spinoffs/prototype/trunk/LICENSE?format=raw>

* The Sarissa libraries (distributed here under the 'sarissa'
  subdirectory) are covered by the GNU General Public License, Version 2. 
  <http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>

--- SEE ALSO ---

Volity is an open platform for real-time multiplayer network
gaming. Learn more at http://volity.net.

The original Testbench is documented here:
http://www.volity.org/wiki/index.cgi?Testbench Since this is a port of
that, much of the documentation applies here, but plenty of specifics
differ.

--- CONTACT ---

Please send all questions, comments, bug reports, etc. to Jason
McIntosh <jmac@jmac.org>.

For community discussion about this program, see the Volity UI web
forum: http://volity.net/community/forum.html?forum_id=1

Use can also use any Jabber client (including Gamut, the Volity
project's official Java-based client) to visit the Volity devchat, at
<devchat@conference.volity.net>.

Happy Hacking!

Jason McIntosh
June 12, 2007
